hello, everybody decided to take another one off
video in this video let's say let's say so
creation experience
knife do it yourself is my first experience
work in general with metal as such in
in such volumes, moreover, we are 1 job
experience with high speed steel brand
High-speed steels I will lay out in the description
video
Here I did such a knife
Of course there are a lot of tanks here.
principle and I myself see the first block this
of course i burned the cutting edge here
because of the tools unfortunately
only cheap sharpener and screwdriver
so that's what I did
the form of slavery was taken as a basis
alpha hunter mini
but for some reason I liked the node
his feet were made such legs of steel
here from the blade the myth is still saudi
notation is attached below because i'm
they don't really mean that
wanted to point out about this knife if
honestly the knife turned out enough for me
cool despite a lot of different
shortcomings that is not quite
downhill the same turned out to something
Unfortunately, not exactly exactly bred
descending into this most likely because of this
here are knife shapes
because unfortunately not even descents
I have already been installed after sharpening
sharpened and that's 35 degrees in principle
already I spent quite a lot here
literally yesterday peretochil already
sewage with exact fixation year savik then
there is
well enough cuts principle even
I almost have two fingers
he chains everything he found good without
without any lint
so much principle is very good but minus
this little table is that it
On 1 very strongly in the second the fact that
given so much first of all she is very
heavy in handling especially if someone
decide to make yourself the first knife then I
Of course a little drowned that I took
it was necessary to take some more easy
100 because what was steamed by
Internet it became fast cut made of
such as with Artyomovskaya table
which is not only high strength no
presumably 6263 rockwell but she
and another one on the plus good enough
hardened that is here here even i don't
I was able to shoot who was probably shooting one
downhill did approximately one day
three in a row for a few hours because
I was really overheated
There is but not that there on millimeter
filmed memory
well, it was just a murder
some but I finished him off let's say so though
let's say in the heat of the heat
here it is of course I burned cutting here
the edge but had to be like this
film to make but nevertheless this new
seemed to do for nature
boards tore and meat cut tomatoes if
honestly, well, that he rusts it of course
yes it is god god he is good now
I think maybe try it for harrow
where are n't you anything but to this I still
until I came here so small
review honestly as a worker can he
I really liked the sharpening he keeps
just great of course your own
features in high-speed steel
moments of use but that angle
which I chose 35 degrees to
The initial 40 is now 30 40 degrees
before it drove long enough not
looking at that
Well, how did you come to the company?
kebabs everything else there said that he
did he did can give it
Well, unfortunately, there was no
let's say such video recording we are above it
mocked very well of course but those
no less did he really survive really
works as a working man he is very me
like it though it can be visually
someone does not like
in this i repeat this is my first
a knife from my tools in this
the time period was only a screwdriver
and cheap then man who
shimmer literally in 5 minutes
work and with standard disks
nickname no diamond there either else
some in me was not all the more for
Indira here but nevertheless finished him off and
pretty pleased with this here if there is
what suggestion is there remarks sneakers
chairs and everything else please don't
feel free to write to the room everyone thanks
subscribe to the channel for attention
there will be much more interesting there
let's see thanks good luck